Chore: Update readme (#503)
interlay/interbtc-api: README.md

At this point, one more more Vaults will send BTC to the address specified within 24 hours.

### Creating an AccountId Instance

Certain API calls require a parameter of type `AccountId`, which represents the Polkadot/Kusama account and can be instantiated as follows

```ts
import { AccountId } from "@polkadot/types/interfaces/runtime";

const activeStakedRelayerId = await interBTC.api.createType(
    "AccountId",
    "5Ck5SLSHYac6WFt5UZRSsdJjwmpSZq85fd5TRNAdZQVzEAPT"
);
const feesEarnedByActiveStakedRelayer = await interBTC.stakedRelayer.getFeesEarned(
    activeStakedRelayerId
);
```

### More Examples

There are many examples in the integration tests, showing how to use this library. Take a look at them here: https://github.com/interlay/interbtc-api/tree/master/test/integration

## API Documentation

> Please check the documentation at https://docs.interlay.io/interbtc-api/#/classes/DefaultInterBtcApi

Reviewer: This link is dead, but not sure what we should replace it with, the only one I found https://docs.interlay.io/#/developers/integration takes the content from this file I think, so maybe we should just remove it altogether?

Author: Good spot. Yes, let's remove this.

## Development

### Fork this Repository
Follow Github's instructions on [how to fork a repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) to create your own fork.

### Clone Your Repository

```bash
git@github.com:<your_github_profile>/interbtc-api.git
cd interbtc-api
```

### Setting up a Local Development Environment

Start by setting your Node version via `nvm`

```bash
nvm use
```
(If necessary, `nvm` will guide you on how to install the version.)

Next, install the dependencies

```bash
yarn install
```

Finally, build the library

```bash
yarn build
```

### Testing

To run unit tests only, use

```bash
yarn test:unit
```

#### Start the Parachain Locally for Integration/All Tests

Note that the parachain needs to be running for all tests to run.

```bash
yarn docker-parachain-start
```

The default parachain started is Kintsugi (KINT). To choose a specific chain, use the optional `--chain` parameter.
e.g. to start Kintsugi explicitly

```bash
yarn docker-parachain-start --chain=KINT
```

Or, to start Interlay locally use

```bash
yarn docker-parachain-start --chain=INTR
```

> When in doubt, start with Kintsugi. You will know when to use Interlay

Reviewer: This sentence seems incomplete to me, do you think it's needed?

Author: It's a weird concept to try and communicate without context. I think you're right - we're better off removing it.

#### Rebuild Generated Docker Files

> `yarn docker-parachain-start` saves some docker compose files locally under `local-setup`. It saves the generated docker compose files to avoid having to rebuild/regenerate all data just to restart the development environment. In most cases, you don't need to rebuild those unless there have been changes to the related docker images in our fork of the [parachain-launch project](https://github.com/interlay/parachain-launch).

Reviewer: Little suggestion, this sounds simpler to me, what do you think?
```suggestion
`yarn docker-parachain-start` saves docker compose files locally in `local-setup` directory to avoid rebuilding all data just to restart the development environment. In most cases, you don't need to rebuild those unless there have been changes to the related docker images in our fork of the [parachain-launch project](https://github.com/interlay/parachain-launch).
```

> In order to force a fresh rebuild of all `docker-compose.yml` files and the raw genesis parachain json used for the local test environment, make sure to delete the existing `local-setup` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to force a fresh rebuild of all configuration files used for the local test environment, delete the existing `local-setup` folder and run `yarn docker-parachain-start`. This will automatically regenerate all configuration files and start the parachain.
```

```bash

> rm -r local-setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rm -r local-setup && yarn docker-parachain-start
```

```

#### Run All Tests
Then, to run all tests:

```bash
yarn test
```

#### Run Integration Tests Only

```bash
yarn test:integration
```

Note: While the parachain is starting up, there will be warnings from the integration tests until it can locate the locally running test vaults. Expect the startup to take around 2-3 minutes (after `yarn docker-parachain-start`), and only start the integration tests after that time frame.

Another option is to switch to the `local-setup` directory and there check for the vaults to start - for example, to see the logs for vault 1, use this:
```bash
# in <project_folder>/local-setup
docker-compose logs -f vault_1
```

> (Note: The optional `-f` flag attaches the terminal to the log output, you will need to ctrl+C to exit. Alternatively, omit the flag to just get the current latest log entries.)

Reviewer: Keyboard keys can be wrapped in kbd tag.
```suggestion
(Note: The optional `-f` flag attaches the terminal to the log output, you will need to <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>C</kbd> to exit. Alternatively, omit the flag to just get the current latest log entries.)
```

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are greatly appreciated.

1. Set up git so you can [sign your commits](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Signing-Your-Work) (Alternative link: [GitHub: Signing commits](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/managing-commit-signature-verification/signing-commits))  
Unsigned PRs cannot be merged, so do not skip this step.
2. Fork the Project
3. Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b yourname/AmazingFeature)
4. Commit your Changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature')
5. Push to the Branch (git push origin yourname/AmazingFeature)

> 6. Open a Pull Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Open a Pull Request with a description of feature you are adding
```
